So, the visual and non-visual experience,
as we are getting more digging
into accessible names and labels,
we have to think about what's visible,
and what are we trying to put
in our labels and things?
And my main motivation in talking to you
right now about this is to caution you.
There's a temptation to want
to craft the perfect label in
a screen reader when it
reads something like 2,154.
But that's a weird way to announce
a street number on an address.
Or it's like you expect it to
be read a certain way, but
the screen reader is just literally
spitting out the numbers.
That would be weird for
a phone number if it was like,
300,110, 456.
You'd be like, wait, that's a phone
number, why is it reading it like that?
Should I make a label that crafts it so
that it announces it the right way?
Don't do it.
[LAUGH] It's a waste of time because
a lot of that stuff is configurable in
the screen reader, so save your effort and
just let it announce
what it's gonna announce.
This is a case where we can
try too hard to fix stuff, and
we're fixing it cuz we
think it needs to be fixed.
Let that come up in an audit or something.
Give it a label,
make sure all the basics are there.
Just yeah, something to deprioritize is
trying to craft the perfect label cuz
you'll chase it forever and
probably end up with something worse.
And there's an article in here
from Adrian Rosselli on this.
It's called Don't Override
Screen Reader Pronunciation.
And I see this as a topic a lot
that people are talking about in
the community of like,
how do I get it to read out better?
It's like, well, just don't bother.
[LAUGH] Just let it announce
how it's going to announce.
Let the screen reader do what
it's supposed to do, and
let the users configure it or
make sense of that.
So yeah, it's like we wanna fix it.
Sometimes it's just not our place.
So some screen reader commands and
interaction modes.
So we've talked a lot about screen
readers, we haven't fired one up yet, so
now is our chance.
We've got some tips and commands for
using various screen readers in here.
There are cheat sheets in here, so this
should help you do some actual testing.
These little details and summary
elements all have more information.
The VoiceOver one is probably the most
complete in terms of how to navigate.
But they all, all of these little
widgets have cheat sheets in them,
which are things that you
could share with your team,
anyone who's getting started with screen
reader testing, you can follow these.
You can also print out this PDF of it.
I've put that next to my desk so
that I can just look at it or
at least keep it downloaded.
They have a great note here that
VoiceOver works best with Safari.
It can work with Chrome or Firefox
a little bit better than it used to, but
we don't wanna file bugs against Chrome
and VoiceOver when they're fine in Safari.
It's kind of like,
we don't want to prioritize things
that aren't where the users are.
So we wanna make sure that we look
at VoiceOver and Safari together.
We don't wanna prioritize filing bugs
against Chrome in VoiceOver if they
work fine in Safari.
Because we could be kind of, I don't know,
it's not something we wanna spend time on
if it's not really a user issue,
cuz that's not where the users are.
So that's the VoiceOver one.
VoiceOver works with key
command combinations.
So you hold Ctrl+Option and U,
or Ctrl+Option, and right arrow,
whereas NVDA and Windows screen
readers work very differently.
So, I talked about setting
up a virtual machine.
I'm gonna start mine in a second and
you'll see how it looks.
But there's some info in
here with cheat sheets.
There's a how to on how to
use parallels on a Mac.
And so let's talk about Windows.